What are you doing, old man?
Since Chu Fan keeps saying that his identity is detached
Higher status than any of us here
Such a powerful person
How can you lie on top of a woman every day?
Eat and drink
clear
The hotel is a first-class high-spending place in the Jin Dynasty
It is the highest standard consumption grade in Huaxia
With the bride price of my useless brother-in-law who eats soft rice
I'm afraid he'll dislike it
Hahahaha
Hey, brother-in-law, you said you don't have a job.
2 Your rose shop has no business this month
What else do you want to say about status?
Then you can't say that you don't have the money to pay for you.
uncle
Don't speak for him at this time
Stop protecting him
You want him to see reality
Know who you are
Save it from causing trouble for Sister Rong'er in the future
Yes, uncle
Think about it, my sister finally worked hard
You have today.
And now is the perfect opportunity.
To be able to recognize such a legendary existence as the masked song god
That sound is on the rise.
In case I get caught in this lung at this time, my legs and feet
This is usually my whole life
Is it Xiaofan?
Or you apologize to them
It's over.
We will still be a family in the future
Thank you for caring for me over the years
But don't say that to the family in the future
What started when I walked in the door?
They made things difficult for me everywhere
You see it too
Obviously they were wrong first
But let me apologize to them and ask for their forgiveness
Chu Fan, you see the situation clearly
This is not about you and your friends
Mingming went to the hotel
Without membership rights, the account cannot be settled at all.
If you continue like this
Many can only stay here to wash the dishes and wash the dishes
Check out, right? Buy the bill.